README.md, before:

# Cake.Recipe

`Cake.Recipe` is a set of convention based Cake scripts.

More about Cake at the [Cake website](http://cakebuild.net).

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg)](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Recipe/blob/develop/LICENSE)

## Information

| | Stable | Pre-release |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|GitHub Release|-|[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cake-contrib/Cake.Recipe.svg)](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Recipe/releases/latest)|
|NuGet|[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Cake.Recipe.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cake.Recipe)|[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/Cake.Recipe.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cake.Recipe)|

## Build Status

|Develop|Master|
|:--:|:--:|
|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/uofoe54t82jvovaf/branch/develop?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cakecontrib/cake-recipe/branch/develop)|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/uofoe54t82jvovaf/branch/develop?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cakecontrib/cake-recipe/branch/master)|

## Quick Links

- [Documentation](https://cake-contrib.github.io/Cake.Recipe)

## Chat Room

Come join in the conversation about Cake Recipe in our Gitter Chat Room.

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/cake-contrib/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/cake-contrib/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/cake-contrib/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

## Build

To build this package we are using Cake.

On Windows PowerShell run:

```powershell
.\build.ps1
```

On OSX/Linux run:

```bash
./build.sh
```

Commit message:

(GH-750) Remove reference to Gitter

README.md, after:

# Cake.Recipe

`Cake.Recipe` is a set of convention based Cake scripts.

More about Cake at the [Cake website](http://cakebuild.net).

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg)](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Recipe/blob/develop/LICENSE)

## Information

| | Stable | Pre-release |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|GitHub Release|-|[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cake-contrib/Cake.Recipe.svg)](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Recipe/releases/latest)|
|NuGet|[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Cake.Recipe.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cake.Recipe)|[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/Cake.Recipe.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cake.Recipe)|

## Build Status

|Develop|Master|
|:--:|:--:|
|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/uofoe54t82jvovaf/branch/develop?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cakecontrib/cake-recipe/branch/develop)|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/uofoe54t82jvovaf/branch/develop?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cakecontrib/cake-recipe/branch/master)|

## Quick Links

- [Documentation](https://cake-contrib.github.io/Cake.Recipe)

## Discussion

If you have questions, search for an existing one, or create a new discussion on the Cake GitHub repository, using the `extension-q-a` category.

[![Join in the discussion on the Cake repository](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Discussions-green?logo=github)](https://github.com/cake-build/cake/discussions)

## Build

To build this package we are using Cake.

On Windows PowerShell run:

```powershell
.\build.ps1
```

On OSX/Linux run:

```bash
./build.sh
```
