---
Order: 20
Title: Upgrading from 2.x to 3.x
Description: Changes and suggestions needed for porting from Cake.Recipe 2.x to 3.x
---

In the 3.0.0 release of Cake.Recipe, there were a total of 2 breaking changes.  As a result, there are only a couple of changes that have to be made to any project that is currently using a 2.x.x release of Cake.Recipe, in order to allow it to start using this release.

There are a couple of example Pull Requests that can be used to see the type of changes that are required when moving to Cake.Recipe 3.x.x:

- [Cake.Issues.GitRepository](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.GitRepository/pull/139/files)
- [Cake.Issues.InspectCode](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.InspectCode/pull/201/files)

**NOTE:** The above PR's upgrade to an alpha version of Cake.Recipe.  Now that 3.0.0 of Cake.Recipe is available, you should use that, rather than any alpha version.

## Required Changes

### Switch to using Cake 1.3.0

Cake.Recipe is now using 1.3.0 of Cake, and as such, we recommend that any build using Cake.Recipe also targets using 1.3.0 of Cake.  We recommend that you follow the [upgrade instructions for Cake itself](https://cakebuild.net/docs/getting-started/upgrade#cake-0.38.x-to-cake-1.0.0), to ensure that there aren't any additional changes that you would need to make.

### Remove any usage of DupFinder

[JetBrains have made the decision to sunset their DupFinder application](https://blog.jetbrains.com/dotnet/2021/08/12/sunsetting-dupfinder-command-line-tool/), as a result, we are no longer going to support this application being used within Cake.Recipe.

Any usage of the `shouldRunDupFinder` parameter will need to be removed from the recipe.cake file, as well as the `dupFinderExcludePattern` tool setting.

### Pin to updated version of Cake

Cake.Recipe 2.x.x was pinned to run against version 0.38.4 of Cake.  In order to use Cake.Recipe 3.0.0 you will need to use at least 1.3.0.

### Ensure correct Cake.Issues.Recipe usage

In this release of Cake.Recipe we have upgraded to 1.3.2 of Cake.Issues.Recipe. If in your build scripts you have extended the built in usage of Cake.Issues.Recipe you may need to check the release notes to confirm if there are any additional changes that need to be made.

[Check out the blog post here for additional information](https://cakeissues.net/news/cake-issues-v1.0.0-released).
